In the project for this course,
you get to play the part of a data scientist for
an exciting unicorn healthcare startup that has created
a groundbreaking diabetes drug that is ready for clinical trial testing.
Your job is to build a predictive model that can identify
which type of patients the company should focus their efforts testing this drug on.
You will build a regression model that can predict
the estimated hospitalization time for a patient and also
provide an uncertainty estimate range for that prediction
so that you can rank the predictions based off of the uncertainty range.
This is a dataset that is built off of the UCI diabetes readmission dataset.
So you will be using real healthcare data.
At the end, you'll be creating a demographic bias analysis
similar to what we have here to detect if your model has any bias,
which is something we need to avoid when working with healthcare data.
When finished with this project and course,
you will be able to use
various healthcare-related codes to group and categorize your datasets.
You'll also be able to split datasets without
leakage and build features using the TensorFlow feature column API.
Finally, you'll be able to build, evaluate,
and interpret models while accounting for demographic bias and uncertainty.
There's even more in the course,
but these are some of the high level objectives.
I had so much fun building this project,
and I think you will too.